# CAMARA Network Slice Booking Meeting - MOM-2024-05-10

*Friday, May 10th, 2024*

## Attendees (probably incomplete)
* Fan Yang (China Unicom)
* Shuting Qing (Huawei)
* Jin Xu (Huawei)
* Ludovic Robert (Orange)

## Agenda
* Welcome new contributors.
* Issues relevant for v0.1.0
* AOB

## Issues relevant for v0.1.0
* Meeting Schedule Adjust
  * Meeting Links are adjusted. Including meeting links. Links of S2C, Region User Count, Network Slice API are split into 3 different meeting links as suggested. 
  * Meeting times are adjusted. Later the Bi-weekly meeting will start from 5pm CST, 11am CEST.  
* Issue#12 Add license file to repository
  * Shuting Qing will add the license file.
* Issue#10 User Story 1 - Emergency Rescue,Issue#11 User Story 2 - Outdoor Live Streaming
  * Continue the discussion. If there are no other comments, they will be placed in markup format under the documentation folder of the project. 
* Issue#9 Support for scenarios when API cannot return a devices count is needed
  * Add a status parameter to yaml to identify the query status, with the following enumeration values
  * SUBORTED-AREA: The whole request area is supported Population density data for the entire requested area is returned
  * Part of the requested area is outside the MNOs coverage area, the cells outside the coverage area are not returned
  * AREA-NOT-SUPPORTED: The whole requested area is outside the MNO coverage area No data will be returned
  * DENSITY-BELOW-PRIVACY THRESHOLD: The number of connected devices is below privacy threshold of local regulation
  * Some specific definitions still need further discussion and clarification 
* Issue#8 Support for scenarios when API cannot return a devices count is needed
  * The meeting decided to change the API name to RegionDeviceCount to better align with the API intent. Ludovic will help inquire with the working group about the specific process.  

## v0.1.0 Release scope & timeline
* Need to follow up with CAMARA release management.

## AOB
1. The next call will be on Friday, May 24th, 17:00 CST / 11:00 CEST
